[Music]
t
k t
[Music]
k
[Music
] [Music]
[Music]
d
[Music] [Music] [Music]
[Music]
ah
[Music] [Music] [Music]
ch [Music] [Music
]
Oh
[Music]
[Applause]
B
[Music]
Oh
[Applause]
[Music]
and
the
[Music]
Oh
T
[Music]
ah
[Music] [
Music] [
Music]
eh
[Music]
and
H
[Music]
k
ha
[Music]
ah
Oh
[Music]
Oh [Music] Let's see
how I can explain the
following because of course We have to
explain it Let's see how I can explain the
following because of course We have to explain it I do
n't know if I should explain it now
or explain it when ha I do
n't know if I should explain it now or explain it
when there are more
people I'm
really laughing my ass off
you I'm really laughing my
ass off Let's see how I can tell you the
following Let's see how I can tell you
this Well of course this has to be said it has to be said
go on Oh it looks like the quality is bad
But
well it looks like the quality is bad But
well it looks like the quality is good But
well and the 3 hour video Well still
where we know it hasn't been published I
have no idea the
truth Oh don't tell me they sent me
another visa and I didn't find out man the
lady makes me really mad it makes me really angry it makes me so
sorry that they send me a visa and I
don't
find out that they sent it to me now  off
live
Look because if I don't understand I can't be
grateful the notifications are muted
don't you know what you're seeing on
screen looking looking I
want
leather
if you
want it I want to feel your body next
to mine because my soul doesn't have time to
feel cold if you
want it I want to feel your body mine
because my soul doesn't have time to feel
cold If you
want it I want to feel your body next
to mine because my soul doesn't have time to
feel cold If you
want it I want to feel your body next to
mine because I'm
tiero
tuero panta It's that the lordship in
telesalseo has reached 3000
members
3062 to be
Exactly 3062 members in telesalseo
we have I'm not saying anything each each one
there or rather I bring you cinema
I bring you
cinema
yesterday pure
cinema I bring you pure pure
cinema and the lords that reach 3000
members yes Maria why am I going to cut the
final what we have seen in the end I'm going
to cut it I'm not going to pay attention to that
yet you want me to do I don't want to
screw
anything up if you have nothing to
do if  you have nothing to
do says give and and will want me to become a
member no no no
no the boys sucking wheels there it is
aroa there it is aroa there it is There it is yes yes
yes you have to dance with me Javi the
best phrase of
yesterday Hi Javi a few weeks ago I told you
that I would be on First date and you asked me to
send you the link here is a
fragment of my date there was another guy on
the program that I was
talking to Artemio and he was also a
kid jaj asterisk asterisk
asterisk Artemio sounds like a
lot to me but send it to me No son you haven't sent me
anything I can't take this lack of
respect anymore So the ladies that you've made
fun of so many of the ladies that you've made fun of so many have
gotten 1000
members from you man they've gotten 1000 members from you what a
roll what a roll
you Javi you spoke to tomy today yes
now I'll tell you Ah well let's
see something else We have to thank you
on top of that on top of that  Of course the
gentlemen 3000 members and the kids
javel
canijo the number one channel in
monthly visits okay the number one channel for
gossip that's how
life is that's how the movement okay Javi the
canijo well with a significant drop
that I think everyone has had
a more or less significant drop the
audience is a little low it doesn't let me
put links in the chat I sent it to you
now on Instagram come on I'm going to
see it soul Thank you very much I'm going to see it Let's see let's
see let's see the follower
in
fre But what the [ __ ] They sent me this you
did man this you did on TV
Shameless well come on let's
eat
[Music]
ad we eat the ads we
eat it we eat it we all had an
illusion to buy a car and we did
but paying more and now it's time to
claim our money oku presents
scam
model between 2006 and 2013 there is an
illegal price agreement between manufacturers and
dealers but now we could
recover more than 10% of what we paid
for it
[Music]
celo apci  of the pacts with the devil
sopher missing What have you done like that on
TV man Why did you do
this let's see what's the
name of the last Dandy from Cantabria and
Wednesday Adam star in The most
terrifying kiss of fe day he rubbed me as
if I were Aladdin's cup
these are my followers that represent me out
there I mean they go on TV in the name of
Javiel Canijo and these are the followers
that can find Edgar Alan Poe
on stage And we have a perfect portrait
of the 10th century or
Halloween my goodness like a solo touch
Hello hello I have with that touching I have
a little bit of a no
version but what is to be seen It's that
people aren't seeing it clearly with me in
front wait let's
see why Let
's see wait it's because I'm too old Maybe not Let's see this what are you dressed as I mean you were supposed to put on a tie and since there wasn't one you put on a handkerchief And what are you doing at the table
to the germ or anything But what is he wearing What is he
wearing give your boyfriend a kiss we
're already here give your little one a
banana kiss he made me yes that I  he rubbed it
like it was Aladdin's chalice come on I
say this and Aladdin's chalice what the [ __ ]
eh the chalice the chalice will be the lamp no
what the [ __ ] is a small chalice it was made
for
me
Ah no going to
forget I cleaned my hand a little so that it was
n't man and Dandy it wasn't too sweaty
and then I gave him the kiss I mean the girl's hands were sweating the girl's
hands were sweating J well imagine
me going around there wiping sweat off people
see Excuse me can you go down can you go down the little
sock
where I left it Ah look I'll do it I don't know
However you want Yeah yeah why not Okay well thank you
very much damn it's
never happened to me either [ __ ] Ana married me with that
How much is dinner at that restaurant let's
see the kid put a
20 euro bill there eh listen to me 20
euros tell them both have you had
whatever it is it's not like he
threw away the craziest thing  uh here he has
released three and a
half b's I mean he has already spent more on you
than on me who am his
idol.
Hey Brian would you spend another Halloween with
Estelle Well why not Estelle would you spend
another Halloween with Brian I would spend another
Halloween but I assure you that I
would scare you
uh come on
[Music]
come on it's okay it's nice it's okay it
's nice Brian okay it's nice
what can I tell you
friend I don't know what to do with you guys man I don't
know what to do with you guys let's see it has been
talked about a lot it has been talked about the
last part I'm going to go to the main Channel
if I
find it it has been talked about a lot let's see if I
go to the main Channel to see if I
find it the last part of
yesterday's debate because both of them were uh insulting
okay let's see there were a lot of people like
telling me there were a lot of people like
telling me that we have to see
Javi No no moderating the channel Dallas insulted the
other guy there were literally very
few people but some literally complaining
that Dallas said to the other one I [ __ ]
on your dead and it's like but if the other one
let's go see I mean if it were another type of
debates Well the same thing would go down  a little bit of
level But first I want the clip that
first I think the clips of the day
were here yesterday on this channel okay
I think yesterday the clips of the day
were on this channel that to
start with I don't know if you'll agree
with me okay And then but if they
were both insulting each other I mean I'll
let the love flow let them say whatever they
want and if things get to the point where you ca
n't understand a thing then I'll
send them to call
but literally it's not that
Dallas shat on each other's dead
Okay but the other one there's a moment in the
debate where he calls him Son of a [ __ ]
two or three times the issue of the
sentences for the minors happened I don't know what I don't know
how much they insulted each other a
lot of kisses let's see I think it's at
the part where they get angry I do
n't think it's around here no let's
see the police and you think that because dasas
says one thing it's the truth and I just
showed you throughout the
world you called me a liar
saying that you haven't spoken to the
police Javi the moderator was very good I
mean I looked very good  in my
role eh well I saw myself very good in my
role eh I mean yesterday I think I did it
perfectly I brought Tommy I mean I started like
the one who started a normal live
okay I brought Tommy and then I brought
Tommy It's that I thought that Tommy was going to
tell me that to Dallas if not from the first I will
announce it to you like the debate in the
morning Well I don't know if in the morning or
in the afternoon it was yesterday when I had
migraines I think not
eh I was talking to each one today I
also talked to each one
obviously Tommy spoke to me today
also to comment on something that we are
going to discuss now and Tommy didn't want to
debate with Dallas Dallas with him Yeah I
mean Dallas eh Dallas did
know I think he knew that Tommy
would return at night to my channel but
Tommy didn't want to debate with him So
I say Well I'll ask him And if he
says no then at least what do I know
eh Maybe by asking him in
public it also shows a little more in the
situation in the commitment to of to
accept it and I don't know if that was it I don't know if it
was  well the truth but the thing is that I spent
all day telling myself that it's not worth it now you
know what the channel is about a little bit the
level the gossip the
moe the whoredom okay To a certain
degree To a certain degree Well if you
are both insulting each other I
am not the teacher here either I can moderate
that nothing is being heard or in other words
when they have been going on for 5 minutes since nothing is being
heard nothing is understood of what you
are talking about then I silence them I
tell them to shut them up I calm them down and I
put them on but you are saying
ugly things to each other Let's see we are not on we are not on
other types of channels maybe on
telesalseo okay or with two other
youtubers well it depends okay But come on do
n't tell me that you would not have
ruined the fun that now I would shut you up here I mean go
to hell
literally go to hell and I just
proved it to you a+ B Tell me what you
told the police about me And what did
they tell you but look, with the
police you can say whatever you want
but in the end it is a private crime those
types of crimes you have to  report it
to the court with a lawyer is that the
boy is not bad but that shows
that many times women can be
very
poisonous and manipulate anyone for their own benefit, it's not that he is bad ts a kiss handsome How are you It's not that he is bad the boy is not bad educated boy good people boy What happens that well let's see He had He had He had his malice in what he got from Dala from
the sentences and so on eh I mean there he
slipped but it's not that he is bad bad Let's
see it is a little ja oliveira in
2018 you cannot get so wet to
defend, to put your hand in the fire for
a person in a relationship in which you
are not a participant I mean you were not in
that relationship I mean it's that you cannot
get so involved in a relationship and
lean so much towards a person who is not
you That you do not even know her in person I
mean how are you going to how are you going to stand up
for a relationship and that yes, yes that
this is like Katy says but if you
were not there they will both know no you
want me to send it to you  I'll
pass it I'll
pass it to you all the stars I would be going
all the time it's not
because it makes me
laugh hours of live It's the first
time I see you so happy because of
all that said before all the
defeats that you just had in this and
[Laughs]
now my first message here yesterday
was crazy I send you a kiss from
Mexico Will you join me for lunch I'll join you for
a kiss Thank you very much for your
super
chat [ __ ] liar who literally calls me a
pedophile you are a manipulator you are
very manipulative You are very manipulative you do your little dances like that
because you are a very a
good manipulator and you know it
you do your little dances like that because you are a
good manipulator you
manipulated me with your dance
Yeah but he also put the two strikes in
but it's that apart but if
he recognized me when we were both
alone before he did recognize
that he had manipulated the
sentences and such on purpose and that he took it out
of context to give him what he
deserved he did tell me Javi seeing them
holding back his laughter let's see there comes a
moment when I have to take the
camera away  Because literally when they start to go over the top they
get all heated it
was good gossip I mean I understand
that in another type of debate maybe
Hey don't be disrespectful but if they
had everything live there is a
part there is a part of the live where
Tommy calls Dala a son of a [ __ ] and it
went unnoticed me for example one
of the times because I think he did it twice
one of the times I didn't realize but
today when I recorded the Luar news he
put that part on me and I say [ __ ]
and he tells him what happens is he says
son of a [ __ ] so as not to call him son of a [ __ ] I don't know
if it's because of monetization or he looked because I do
n't know okay but he grabbed it and says man
Dalas it's that you deserve it because you
are very you are a son of a [ __ ] something like that he says I do
n't know the literal words No no it's
here it's later I think it was
talking about the subject of the
sentences I don't know what I don't know when he says
no no because you deserve it because you
are a son of a [ __ ] stupid that you are stupid s or in
other words the two of them insult each other that
one had cut off  because they [ __ ] on each
other's dead after he's had sex and
said you got away with it you got away with being
convicted of grooming by the skin of your teeth I mean
let's
see not me you who call me a ped if it was the
most
viral part no how do you have such a thick skin
Tell me let's see Can you can hit yourself in
the face more because because of all this
because of all this live you've tried
uh to impose your truth about the
guillon about the office about the
infes about my video that I
published before the looting you've
tried to force your truth and I've
shown you at every point that it wasn't like that and
now and now because of a text a small
detail a small detail in the text you think you're
right you're laughing
because you think it's your only victory with
all this debate I've destroyed you Point by
point that I don't tell you anything here I've shown that
you are a [ __ ] liar
you are
And the thing is that you called me you're
looking for my God I'm looking for you if you're a
pedophile back from [ __ ] hell you are a [ __ ]
liar and with the law  he's
screwed you again imagine it's come
out through the very deep that
lal put in you and you can't read and you still read it
And you say see I'm right and then you say
that I impose my truth when you
just read a [ __ ] legal text and you still
say I'm right I you are
one of the parties I'm right on the
part of the bear bear he gives me
consent I could put I could in any
case I could put his
messages he put and your replies it
's exactly the same No no it's not
exactly the same It's not
exactly that it's a det there are
conversations with the police that the best thing to
explain to you is something even of
these keep congratulating dala on her
birthday Well there are people in the chat
because you're laughing at the dance But
there are people in the chat who are saying
that who was Dallas's silia so
that they [ __ ] him
too let's see this can't be allowed
eh It can't be allowed a
moderator so bad Let's see the
horny part I don't think it's here
no your way of gesturing it's that everything in
you is that really  I hear it the only thing I
like about you is sometimes the way you
talk but when you get going you
spend minutes you are a person it's not
known in
Spanish a very toxic person that's why
you have very
toxic for turning off for turning off Ah look at this
crying
stopping when they turn on here not
life based on
[ __ ] El
Salvador see see there it is there is the
dasas there is the dasas there it is there is
your nature your nature comes back
very fast very ridiculous part because let's go what a
conqueror the guy eh very
fast very
fast Well I think we don't get to
any point you don't get out you get out of here like
a [ __ ] liar which is what you are
people know that I'm not but you who
come out But you who come out with
not It's that it's that note I didn't expect it
man you know the worst of all and you know the
worst of all is that you know a boy who does
n't know the story well when
you made an hour of
video taking [ __ ] account but it's that
neither Hello I'm making a
fanart where can I send it to you
your live shows always accompany me
while I draw Greetings from Honduras
Let me know here handsome and  We'll see it now
live or tomorrow or whenever you have it
let me know
and we'll see it and that's it family We have
a statement from Tommy okay we have a
statement from Tommy
on his Twitter no sorry on his Twitter not
on his YouTube channel everyone has
spent the day in their own way okay Dallas
has also uploaded the debate to his channel
okay he has uploaded the debate to his channel and
Tommy has posted a statement on his
YouTube channel but apart from that
I would have preferred that Dallas
accept Tommy's proposal to cut
the part that talks about Tommy and that Tommy
delete his video and that's it everyone was
happy I believed there came a time when I
thought that I mean they
were about to
reach that agreement eh they were about to
but it got twisted it got twisted let's see
agaporni let's see he has deleted the videos
okay he has deleted the videos that he has
made about Dallas and so on and he has posted
a statement in the community tab
Okay these last few days have been more
than difficult
and the filters of my private conversations
on tiktok have been a very very serious attack
against me attack from
oso TV who has been supported  then
by
d of course d does not support that they have
leaked your conversations, I mean at
no time does he say that it is okay to
do it and that oso did it
even better in fact this point was discussed
yesterday he said let's see I think that
oso leaked it in some way he
sent it to someone he passed it on to
someone so that someone could post it but he does
not support it now it is true that he
criticizes Katy because in her video she did not
comment on that episode man if you are
throwing it in her face and you are making public
that the other has cheated on you and it
is very bad realize that you are worth it too
In fact Dallas tells oso off for going to
claim anything not from Katy but from scady
himself scady no Tommy do you understand me
that was talked about yesterday precisely my
private life has always been very important I have
never published a Story or video
where a person with whom I
am dating appears and I think that it should never be
made public as has been the
case I have defended myself through two
videos and I think that all those who are
so involved in this gossip have already
seen the videos although they have been my
horizontal videos with the most views and that  they
keep growing And they bring me new
followers they are not videos that I like to
have in my library because they have
nothing to do with the rest yesterday although it
was 2 in the morning I agreed to do
a debate with Dallas video that you can
find on Javier Oliveira's Channel
I said everything I had to say in that
debate of almost 3 hours and I don't think that
anything more can be added in this debate you
will be able to find a summary of the
whole story and for this reason I do not
need to have my two videos
there everyone is free to form their own
opinion But I feel proud to
have participated in a live show where the
Host and Dallas are friends where the 95
were followers of them and even so I
have defended my values with respect and
education as I have always done in a
language that is not mine Spanish
Here I have to agree with him completely that he
paid attention to him there are many
other people who to the
town I don't know what cheap excuses the
guy came the guy knew what
Dala thought about him in fact let's see I didn't
agree with him either at all
times and in all the conversations
that I have with him
we discussed it what happens is that  Of
course we discussed it in a more
cordial manner because I don't give a damn. I mean, like,
eh Dallas already has his problem with him and
her connection with him too, he got
personal with Dallas on the subject, let's see
if, for example,
any of the protagonists had attacked me with a
personal issue. Well, maybe
I would have gone another way. I don't think it was at that level
either, I don't know, but well, yes,
the kid came to a place where
neither of us knew us, eh, and
where the public wasn't his,
anyway, and where everyone
disagreed with him. I'm not a coward,
I'm not a liar, I'm a direct,
honest person who hates injustice.
And yes, I think the attacks on Katy
Angel are an injustice. Of course I
will defend her just like I defended
Las and Corora when I saw the disgusting
bullying she received on social media,
hate messages, death threats,
bullying is something that has always
disgusted me, and I will still not understand how
content creators like Dallas
can dedicate themselves to making videos to
harass people like Lea or Katy and so
many more.  it's moralism
Because yes, yes, we get into that, if
we are against bullying and
people saying bad things about others and
mass messages not against others Let's not
participate, I mean, at the moment
that Katy makes a video against Oso
in which she leaks all her privacy and makes him out to
be the worst abuser in the world
Well, imagine all the abuse that
Oso has suffered, being more or less Good
but it's something that she decides to make
public because she wants to put it, something
that They could have carried out in private
but of course, I mean, you don't scold Katy, you don't
point out Kat for uploading that video Do you
think it's okay that she uploads that video just as
you're going to think it's okay that she uploads another one
of 3 hours So
the bullying depends Which direction
then we don't make all
white content and as I say,
okay, in this debate
the flaws of the Dallas entities have been clearly demonstrated
and in the end it has been difficult to
debate with a person who behaved
more like a 15-year-old boy for these
two hours of debate, getting up from his
chair every two minutes laughing in an
exaggerated way  etcetera etcetera for my part I have
not been well
placed throughout the entire debate with some
moments where the voice was raised but
always behaving
very toxic manipulative and bully but I
understand that we cannot be liked by
everyone I defended my friend Katy Angel in
the best way I could and today she will
publish a video with her version of
all the events
obviously without further attacks if there are more
attacks against me after
this debate I will answer point by
point and I will go with everything the same as I did
these days but I think that in the
3 hour debate all the
points are concluded I think that each one of us has to
accept our mistakes I am not afraid
to say when I am wrong or not Although I
maintain everything I have said, I recognize
and learned from Although a person
tells you that the relationship is dead you
should not flirt with them until it is
official it does not matter if you are single or
not, it can only bring you problems
from an ex-husband who is going to hate you and want to get
revenge as has been the case my
attacks against Dallas have been an
accumulation of many things and that I affirm
some things like that I am looking for fame or for
another person to write  my videos have been
for me Insults that I couldn't let
go I recognize that I could only
defend myself on these points without
attacking him but my philosophy is that if
someone attacks you you shouldn't stand
still man I think that having
defended yourself on the points wasn't standing
still but he has gotten into
personal issues in addition to being wrong it is
that
Tommy Tommy slipped a lot with the issue of
the Dallas trials or rather when he
gets into that he already has the odds against him
Because he is also wrong on the other
hand I'm not going to apologize for the
following
Ah look here it says no H I wouldn't have had to
take out the press articles
talking about Dallas by doing this I have
done the same thing he would do taking things out
of context to hurt someone and I have
lowered myself to his level it's not because someone
plays dirty that you have to do it you
look apologizes for that
having intimate messages with a
person I am a 33 year old man defending
my friend okay he doesn't apologize
well for what he has really done in
private because the fact is that there is
nothing wrong with that in the end there is nothing
wrong with his chat with these girls or anything like that okay okay
Let's
see there's been a big deal there's been
a big deal
the atmosphere is getting tense
I don't know to what extent these people will go to
pull each other's hair
because well since they are up there in
the series and in those things not in the little
group, well it seems that they usually take
things quite
cautiously but of course the atmosphere is
quite tense between arjit and
alevin Javi, Katy's sister came out to
speak as well.
Well if they
send it to me, yes they send it to me, I'll
look at it, surely in this, in this while that
we are live,
Katy's video will appear because it's 1 it's
1:10 to 1 I mean, I think at any
moment she'll
upload it
what's here another day of
random news from the streaming world
arit Ask xby to return her
things, she has reported problems
a kiss Luis how is it going with the move and it
's not a surprise to anyone who used to live
with alexi and no, she hasn't named him
directly but without you And who is she
referring to 11 m waiting for things from me that don't
reach me damn boom
wow, how is the
atmosphere wow, how is the atmosphere around
here
you quick quick quick quick Quick
everyone everyone who is
watching the video right now
everyone who is watching This video right now
subscribe okay
subscribe button to this channel and to my
main channel Javi oliveira we are on
point and while you listen to the video
subscribe also to the Main one
okay [ __ ] Hey and no matter
how much I talk nothing stays the same the issue
[ __ ] the popcorn maker for saga no no and
so much but it's that [ __ ] it's not just
the palom it's that there are many more things you
know and they are things that are expensive like a
300 iron no it's not every day
you know give back a lacha turkey
alesi give back the hashtag iron
alevi give back the iron that they looted
the 300 buck iron at the lesbi
man that they looted the iron alevi how
tacky how tacky
alevi how tacky Uy uy uy uy uy don't get
mad sometimes people don't pay attention
many people already me  he said like but if you
have them you have
them like this put it there you know like
Dani a kiss Here he is insinuating
about sending it through the
iron these butter streamers I
mean look at you what you are insinuating I don't
know if you realize eh
Look eh he said like but if you have them
you have
them like this put it there you know like it's not it's not
my thing and apparently it's
not the removal people's either
because today they told me like Go ahead and
ask again and such I don't know
eh people have told me if you have the
invoice then put in like like or so
demand for an iron
boom demand let's see quantify well I want
the iron for 300 bucks I don't know but come on I have I
have the invoices and
everything I mean I could claim it but I don't know
in theory that is literally as if someone
had stolen from me
No How accusing him of
theft it's not just the iron says Pepi
Ortega about 3000 in total but Pepi but
Pepi your honor but Pepi How come
you come here  to inform us have you
seen arjit's live and you know
everything that Pepi owes him let's see let's see
shut up in the chat leave Pepi leave
Pepi this interests me but Pepi What
's this thing like that you're more into than
Ai is what she has to return let's
see Tell me Pepi what contacts do
you have
Pepi What are your
contacts Pepi knows things let's see
Alex leave the iron hands up I
mean imagine the police entering the
house Les Ali hands up and leave that
iron where I can see it let's
see Pepi Tell me about that thing Who
are your contacts because they are I mean in
total they are like 3000 eh wait n
more but Pepi but Pepi what but Pepi how
wonderful Pepi new collaborator Pepi are
you coming on Monday are you coming on Monday to
the chat with
collaborators later she will tell you I don't
know where I saw the video but Pepi what Pepi let's
see Pepi I ask one
thing what do you think about the
gentlemen having reached
3000 members
3000 members Pepi  3000 members and here there are
usually more people than in
telesalseo well it depends on the day but
lately
yes here we are at 2000 Pepi
with the help of the
gentlemen look Pepi and 3000 in the
gentlemen to see the kids eh we are
going to have to of course that makes
me spend more time there later than
tomorrow I will dedicate more time to
telesalseo of course It's logical if
the ladies have pampered me so much Eh yeah that
's what I'm doing but the thing is that I've been
waiting for 11 months to see host 11
months to return an iron man
Where are they there is some problem between the
moving company and the
intermediary person or in other words the Mysterious
person who would be in the previous house
this Mysterious and enigmatic person that we don't
know at all nor suspect who it
is if you told him that he is the intermediary
no no but the thing is that there is already the
intermediary but no no no that's between
ideas And that always takes 3000 from you no longer
yes because in itself the popcorn maker is
1000 then each little thing is like 300 or
so I mean imagine and and and the worst thing is
that I could go get it but I don't
want to either you know like Hello No I
mean like Carola goes
no I mean Carola is
like the one who should go
no Carola goes right now Ali the
wife's iron Where is it bring
the iron or I'll leave you without a
wrinkle there's no going to be a need for the iron
lesvi
3063 members in telesalseo eh almost
nothing almost nothing 500 members today in
telesalseo and here people are not
capable it's not like I can go get it
because I need the the the these
but I could show up like
ryo give me my things you know like give me
my [ __ ] things better the movers I
'm already doing that but the ones with the
and the
jacket the jacket would be bought
today if I want they haven't given away 500
members that could be the little jacket
the
jacket you know what the jacket the
other day at the Factory I saw the jacket for
half price But it was a different color
no  it was the
same I'm not going to see her again I'm not
going to see her again
how many are there here ft for the 2
good hanger for the 2500 missing Well about
basically Look Paula just became a
member Paula a kiss gorgeous
welcome to the family Paula sweetheart
remind you all that you can become a
member for only 90 cents a month damn damn man
don't [ __ ] with me they
tell me Come on I'm asking LL they've
been asking for 11 months I don't know who they
're asking but I just
don't want to have to go I just do
n't want to have to go when it
's as easy as taking a selfie and saying Hey the
movers come over I'll give you this you
send it and you know what I've
done with other things it's not that difficult
I've done it with other things If I
do it with something else anyone
can do it if I do it
anyone can do it it's not that I'm
half an idiot it's a little
funny how embarrassing when you've flattened yourself
how things usually end
well in the beginning but then it wasn't so
well as it seemed But anyway opinions will
recover rit their things I will answer The
unknown And enigmatic
intermediary what a shame Levi How did
the girl's iron turn out eh
pay attention to the gossip we have now pay attention to the
gossip we have now pay
attention to the gossip we have a
new episode of this anime eh careful
careful eh
careful it's clear that they ended very badly
totally I have a video here right now
that I'm going to put on the screen okay
Yadira a kiss sweetheart welcome Yadira
How are you thank goodness Yadira became a
member and doesn't leave us stranded very well
Yadira say yes Yadira these are not people who have
let some ladies get ahead of them
the ladies of the slvame aunt dira
the ladies of the
slvame the ladies of gossip have
overtaken these people You see it as normal
Yadira For 90 cents that I have
set as the price pay attention pay attention We
have a
second video here Wait wait Pepi is speaking
Javi what a car I don't like either
of them Thank you Pepi Thank you Pepi for
that clarification really  that honors you
We have a 15 second video here
says JJ Javi don't release the
video until they become members but let's
see I can't force people JJ to
become
members Let's see Look Romn has given one away
now
of course Romn has to do me a favor and
give
one away look you know what happened today you know
what happened today I'm not going to tell you
anything I'm not going to
tell you they were
rejoicing there was a lady on
Twitter today who was rejoicing
Because well because the sum of the sum
of visits for the month this month has been
less than the lowest I mean the
previous one and then she was saying like we are
falling we are falling this
channel is going downhill that it's our end
well mine because they want mine of
course they want it to be my end and
then well We have reached 3000
members in telesalseo
well We have reached 3000 members
In telesalseo what did you think I want
your body We
have a 15 second video here it
's a
video that lasts longer than lesvi but it's
a very important video okay Maite has
given away five members  Mait a kiss
sweetheart Thank you very much the kids
appreciate it let's see those kids giving
Mait a round of applause those kids
giving Mait a round of applause who is
saving your ass a little bit come on let's
put on the video let's put on the video let's
put on the
video
attentive
pom I need the members to finish ringing
to put on the video because you
have to be very attentive with all your
senses to all the frames of the
video
okay let's applaud Mait who has
given us those five members let's applaud
Romn who has given us One Okay let's
applaud everyone who is
becoming members
very
politely gabri
los Hello old man after Stream I would
like you to read my ig message if you
can almost
that Fabricio has given away 100,000
bits Fabrio has given away 10,000 bits
the windy just gave me a squeal
but but look at you man how stiff
the kids are I think this is
the first time that
alert has been activated I mean I think it was the first
time it's been activated  that
incredible alert eh lamentable okay We'll
see it later Fabricio remind me
before
finishing
eh How did you get stuck with
Ricky edy's trick Let's
see let's see Ricky edy's trick
okay
or r Thank you very much What did
Ricky Ed do with this
video leak this image I feel like
insulting you I can insult you I can
insult you he's he's a [ __ ] [ __ ] they're
giving me a sub I got an ad and I didn't
hear the reaction
Fabricio Thank you very much man
Eh Well I don't know if someone can
give you a sub could you do them a favor and
give Fabricio a sub Hey but
today today they're giving it to
the kids on YouTube from all sides eh like 3000
members in telesalseo and on Twitch on
Twitch there are 200 and some people
they're giving it to the soup with the
notifications
okay
Ricky Eddie has leaked this
image when he did the magic trick
okay There you have it Fabricio they're
giving it to you Ricky edy has leaked the image
in which well  Well he's with a
girl in a bra well in a bra and
panties eh
Because Ramn Today is the day thanks a
kiss Fabricio Thank
you I mean well maybe maybe it
's the
straps of the pants I don't know but you can see it
here let's see Ricky is with this girl in
what looks like a bathroom the girl in a
bra eh And with her there like okay
mm Here there is a move that of course it
could be that she leaked the photo
accidentally or that she leaked it intentionally
okay
way I mean she uploaded the video so much on
her Instagram stories that it's
Lali No no it's Lali she doesn't have
tattoos let's see she has the snake
on her arm is the girl from a few days
ago is the girl from a few days ago let's
see it could be a friend I don't
know man let's see I think they're a couple
no now if you put a picture of her as the
wallpaper it could be a friend it
could be your friend but eh it would make more
sense if it's a
new girlfriend let's see people haven't believed that it was
accidental
eh intelligent way to confirm So to
speak that you have a partner and at the same time
generate interactions because you know that
people  will focus more on your
wallpaper conductor and everything
to show off your wallpaper
very subtle way to show off your
wallpaper Ricardo classic comedy
making a video to show off that you have
a woman as your
wallpaper what do you guys think was
on purpose or not
What do you guys think was on
purpose or was it an accident let's see I
think it was On purpose I don't know
the intentions I don't know the intentions
eh it could be to give Lali a squilla
Lali don't put anything on me here fan Hey
okay it could be to give Ali a squilla
Well it could be to give Ali a sash
to indicate eh to the world that he
has a new partner and for Ali to
find out okay a childish and
adolescent game a childish and
adolescent game but I think it's on
purpose Let's see it's a video that he
uploaded not only on his
Instagram account at one point but it's a
video that he uploaded everywhere even
on Twitter
So I would say yes he
uploaded it on purpose and Lali puts the
following tweet Hey Halloween was
yesterday you can take off your clown emoji masks
and this emoji with the glasses and the
mustache of course let's see what
people say how long do you give him to make a
video and in it to screw the guy with
glasses let's see there are a lot of people who have
understood that this emoji with the
glasses and the mustache would be for Ricky So
this would be for Ricky Hey
Halloween was yesterday you can take off your
masks now Lali angry you're putting it out
there let's see I think it's good Javi what is your
top three debates I
love you my top three debates Ah you
tell me like that without without having
prepared it my top 3 debates but mine
from Dallas from all at
once man for me with the one that for me the one that I
did with one from the heart I'm not going to
say who is worth it but with a youtuber
from the heart for me That was one after
another exp very high
[Music]
eh from
Dallas from Dallas which one would I choose
guys turbo plananuestra
What
things The truth is that I don't remember
look talking about the king of
Rome
nothing the D that was asking me one
thing JP is that I don't remember It's that I don't
have any  debate present present
present
uncle let's see the last one I
did the last two I did were one
after the other too eh And ads eh of
category
Eh well regarding the Ali issue to
close the deal eh regarding the
Ali issue Well I don't know the truth I think that I think that
I think that Ali
has finally wasted time in not
responding he has let time pass It's
like he has cooled off and I don't know if it would
be too strong
eh if Lali came out to
speak now I don't know if it would be too strong if
Lali spoke now I mean because
why not
Although yes we wouldn't see it
no But he has let it cool off a lot the
matter had to have come out to
tell I don't know why in the
end Well family
busy busy busy eh there has been a lot of
movement today on Twitter busy busy big
movements there has been a lot of movement today on
Twitter with this
look look
This cannot be seen his face I have been
premeditated tk Javi kiss car
Lewis pay attention to this
man it
is a child Chiqui this one they have
baptized as Chiqui and the streamers
have him as an attraction that
take to his videos no no
eh the way to put it or mean Simply
because the
boy Let's
see why they call him
Chiqui I mean they told me that I know they
call him Chiqui Well because he's chubby and
because and because there was a video where he
laughed like IB And then they took it
as a
joke I don't know if I brought them out in a video or
whatever I think he went and brought it out in a
video And then from there on
all the youtubers eh take it as
Well then like well as a prop for the videos like a joke for the videos And this is at the Rose in a nightclub all night last night [Music] okay But how is a kid of 11 or 12 years old going to be in a nightclub man and on top of that with
everyone recording him all the time
okay And with the misa do you remember the misa
who recently shot Borja Escalona in the ear
because because he said that 11
year old girls were very
developed okay places king I'll put it now it
's incredible Of course everyone is
freaking out with
this Chiqui by when I'm
older  they are receiving a lot of
criticism the parents especially because
in the end the child is there because look at the
Ah no no shut up I thought it was the
world
Chiqui by in 6
years a 12 year old boy in a nightclub
Chiqui by in two years will be getting lines
two by
two the criticism Uriel a
[Music]
kiss
clear here the question eh Let's see I don't know if I should
keep going down on Twitter I don't want
to find anything strange but of course here the
thing is eh a nightclub
dude in a
nightclub let's see what you
can what you can get into
Maybe at a
wedding not at the reception Well the
relatives are there the wedding is not extended
whatever but what's the deal for this
child based on what a
child or rather because you still say Well there are
children who are artists who are
singers no who have an
incredible voice and they go to gigs they are going to
do performances no different from what
the adults do no Or they go for a
moment then they leave I don't know but it's that
this kid what is he doing Or do they think they've
taken it as a
[Music]
puppet doesn't make sense
dude How did he get into the
nightclub? That's a great question, uh,
great
question, but this is really strong,
uh, this is really strong, let's
see.
Hello, this man, what was his name, Pablo
Puchman? I don't know, something like that. I
've spoken with this man on occasion. I think
he's a judicial expert, but he
specializes in juvenile matters. In addition, he
's very involved in matters
involving minors. No, uh. Hello, uh,
puppet. First of all, I love your
work, I admire you because you do an
incredible job. Unfortunately, I have to
tell you something that you're probably already
aware of. It's about the subject of Chiqui and B, an
unconscious child who is being
used. I could tell you more in private. And he
says, of course, an hour ago,
uh, something very strange there, the truth is because I don't
even believe, I don't even believe that they earn
money or that the parents are earning
money.
Why is he going to earn money? I mean, I don't
even believe that the
father earns money or anything like that.
Why would he earn money based on
what? It's good, of course, he's done
collaborations with the Spanish national
soccer team, the other day he did a
collaboration.
Well, well, let's see.  I don't know if it's okay for
a little guy to become an
internet meme I don't know the truth is that I see it
regulinchi I see it regulinchi Rubius has
invited windy to a
tournament let's see he tells me the context of the lore
between windy and Rubio okay let's
remember the L I'm going to ask my followers
that please let's
remember But but listen to me
Lu come on let's remember the Lore between
windy and Rubius before commenting anything is
worth while I subscribed to the Channel
while I
have no idea man I have no idea
man what you're talking about
Greetings but
thanks he showed his
body Mr. Squidward come
see
Rubius
[Music]
Rubius don't be
bad
r Why did you ignore windy when I asked for a
photo Who the hell is
Wind Rubius don't be
bad ru we have and I apologize for that I
humbly ask for your help to do
[Music]
justice doesn't do what I want the
hammer doesn't do what I want it doesn't
do what I want I
appreciate that you see what happened and if you can
support the side  correct no to
online bullying or cheating No to online bullying or cheating
because they had done it Stream
kiping I met you with Pokmon in a
minute LOL 6 years already with you play The
Sims
history again Wind nobody
cares about your channel or your kbike
can you let us enjoy it
please say that then he said it was a
lie I think he said it was a lie and El
Rubius discovered the
demo Thank you very much for the
Prime
300 346 minutes later
[Music]
ah This is a Christian channel stay away
demon
hirk laughs at her eh a lot one thing is
that not to the store but laugh at
her What's up crack What are we doing
Ah yeah okay we need big dick energy
okay stop I [ __ ] on the [ __ ] because of
you you screwed me The donation [ __ ]
Take another 3 eur Rubius
crack play outl put the Rubio code
in the fortnite store I love you
Greetings from chile Thank you very much
Reyes
r Rubius don't be bad
I looked everywhere for that sweatshirt and I couldn't find the one
El Rubius is wearing you when  I
saw it here in
this guys
three
two
one Come on come on [ __ ] come on Okay
now where the [ __ ] do we have to go guys I
don't want to screw up I'm going to watch a [ __ ]
video I'm going to watch a [ __ ] video of where the
[ __ ] to go because if not I'm going to screw up man
okay let's see it let's see it
guys Thank you humbly and
continue having
success
get what intensity eh two minutes kid
2 minutes Thank you very much for the
donations for the prime machines
sir one [ __ ] minute I saw this video
Look attention eh pay attention pay attention in a [ __ ]
minute Look how good I am I'm going to start
the game nuo pay attention God
God
how easy how easy
guys Rubio code in the
fortnite store Greetings from Mexico PS Rubius
don't be
bad Thank you very much that one from vitality I
heard a I think
windir's breast exploded how
ugly at the moment I'm sure we laughed
eh but how ugly
eh how ugly There's no gravity here I [ __ ]
on the [ __ ] And how the [ __ ]
is Ivana already
done badly this is done badly dude at
least I have this  at least I have this
but it's wrong pen the
code has to be fake This is
wrong you see how I tell you this is wrong I do
n't believe it you see how this is
wrong I don't believe it do you see it or not
guys let's
play she's checking if it's real
her and s to suck it as if I were trustworthy
Leo with the three of them tells me help me with
a gift for a friend reply to her on
Instagram my
name is eh I don't do those things a little
variety streaming
variety and I hope you use the emotes
then I see that you're using them a
lot at least one of
them
jes Rubius don't be bad that has to
be a
joke How handsome is Fortnite don't look at this
handsome guys that has to be a joke pu
car
love
ena She is
very pretty It can't be that for
real Javi you will be at the event but I do
n't even know what event it is Now we
find out I don't even know what event they are talking about
no no but there are people in the chat I mean
if it's true eh it's her
eh Look again I'll pass you my pack except
without clothes to this is a joke This is not  It's
true That's not
true how is Wind going to put that I passed you
my pack without clothes
touching me
Don damn
[ __ ] what [Music] such can't be that right bro machine Wind a question Tell me tell me I've already seen several comments and and you have donated to Rubius no Then because of the people are making that up I thought that suddenly you had entered Hello Manuel mongue well in the
denunciations in the live anyone
can put Any
name say yours
B Rubius don't be
[Applause]
bad then El Rubius showed that it was
her okay But well let's go
to the last one the last donations the one of The
last one the last scene that we
saw That was not okay But well lar the
extract Put it from this of the
new one okay this reaction if you want to
upload it also upload it and le Put the
complete loreo of windy Rubio mark the
clickbait of your life But this extract
let's comment on the new one okay eh It
turns out
that there is a tournament I imagine that
fortnite Agustn is invited despite the fact that let's
see wait so we don't see El
Rubius is invited Agustn despite the fact
that in the last tournament they didn't invite him
or do you remember the tantrum that
Agustn threw because they didn't invite him because he
was a Pro because I don't know what well
now he is, I have invited
okay proso precious But it has the typical
Setup How to say it, I mean
its Setup precious precious But it
has the typical
Setup How to say it, I mean
it's to play story games
and such to play fps no it's not
prepared it has a mat that is
hard I mean it's not soft it's not
slippery So to speak it had like it
was hard with a texture of I know
like mine the mat that
Vegeta has is the same as mine and it was like
yes he touched a
knife and I can say it I can say it's
not happening I don't think so It's something nice it's something
that excites me and so we're
preparing engines also you know I've
spoken with Epic and we're going to do a
tournament with them okay
eh fortnite on the Old map and my
plan is to bring together legends from the time
when we did the first tournament plus those
who came eh In the last tournament that I
did which is when megacity came out
and all this you know  that clear but not
clear the tournament but of course people who
play fortnite I don't think he's
referring to this tournament that they did in
person do you remember the tournament they
did in Madrid do you
remember that tournament that was in
person for the youtubers I don't think he's
referring to that I understand that he's referring to
people who play and that it was very cool
I saw that a lot of people had a good time and it
was very balanced
and I also plan to invite
people like Agustn or pros
good people better than average
but I want to do it in a
fun way okay like making a challenge that I'll
tell you later but like a
specific challenge for them in each
game but but yes the plan is to set up
a tournament for the OG map
and bring that to people who were in my
very first tournament the classic
well that many also went to the
in-person you know but uh those from the first
tournament and put them together with those from the previous
tournaments you know if we do a kind of
mix because it makes sense if Salvador
Raya can't come to the
OG fortnite tournament for the old map Windy is very much
invited  windy is very much invited
yes of course because Salvador Raya was the one who
won the in-person tournament the one they
held at Gameri of course So he
's referring to everyone who everyone
who played in that [ __ ] tournament
How could we see a list luare Find me a
list Find me a list
of the participants who went to
that tournament please
eh watch out eh Because there are people who don't even
stream or anything Salvador Raya for
example one of them but how how how has he
brought Windy out in front of his face the blond one
just mentioned it as if for free
too no of course Yes I'll leave it here
Yes Salvador Raya can't because I don't know
how to contact him because
the poor kid is missing But anyway
the other day he told us Felipe told us
that he was that he was fine and such just
that he had moved away from the networks And such But
anyway salva if this reaches you
by some means or another know
that I would love to invite you and for you to
come back for this but I know that you
have moved away and such So nothing happens you have moved
away from the networks I mean
but that if he can't salva Well if he
wants  windy well let
windy come too I'm not going to be bad guys I'm not
bad I'm not bad this time I'm inviting windy
and windir man what's aus
Yeah but what the [ __ ] is El Rubius doing giving us
gossip content for free I mean
but what the
[ __ ] what the [ __ ] look here we have the
pom list of 2018 my goodness more than 5 years you more than
years more years
kid let's see El Rubius lolito gref
mangel broncano I
don't think broncano will play Luzu alevi
win
michu win michu I'd say I already have it I
already have it Ivn Wi michu I'd say
yes Paula gonu would sign up I'd say
orlock too I've lost track of
orlock for a long time I've lost him
orlock I have no idea what he does I don't
know if you guys are that he's not even on the
internet anymore no Hey they're not kicking the internet out Don't
smell if lvaro plays I
imagine that Gorgo also Abel
also Miare I'd say yes he would play yeah
sure yeah yeah sure Jos too  Elisa I
have lost track of him too but I
imagine that Yes Fagor too
Salvador Rayal who just said Alfa s
would play Sorman too Jager too
Jacki all at once and Peter Yes Forfa I
imagine so why not Nil too I don't
know who he is I don't know who Kion is another one I
lost track of
eh be it another one I lost track of Kion I
don't have a clue what he does
script so I don't know if he would play or
not Selen Z I imagine so bl I don't know
who W is I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know
who cracker is the one with the feet this one
left this is the one with the feet who
liked pictures of feet and
asked Ingrid for pictures I don't remember no
pictures of Ingrid it was I don't remember if it was
Ingrid or who it was but there was a
move with some feet of this guy eh There
is a video somewhere in the canijo
and the capon Well this one wouldn't play Of course
because this one is not here or on
social media I already think the capon s Natalia no  I know
who
Natalia is Who is Natalia Who is Natalia
Natalia from Natalipa let's see,
create content, we recently gave some
news that was bad, she posted a t
that was bad but I don't remember.
I hope it's okay Maid trolino I don't know
Who is it, I'm
sure he'll play, I don't know Ricky will definitely go if he's
invited, he also pica, perchita,
Pedrito
BM let's see if it has to be in person I don't
know Micke Crack Yes, I mean, Micke Crack
played in the Rubios Tournament and in an
interview recently he said no, that he didn't
talk to him, Cajal. I imagine that he
invited him. Oh, this one, I
lost track of Lileo too.
Well, actually, I saw a video of him
three or four months ago, he was involved with What it
was, I don't remember, but I saw a video of
Ileo. I talked to this guy a
long time ago. I had an interview on the
Leo channel, but I already lost track of him. The Demented,
my goodness edit. Play, I lost him,
deak, deak. This is the one that was funned. No,
my goodness, there are funned people here. No, Danian, yes
Ari plays in one go
Agustn also guitaro was also
banned and disappeared Lucy plays played in
the squid game Kiko I imagine so
jelu Melo I imagine so Cheto
too celo too Alan I don't know who he is I don't
know who he is I do
n't know who he is White Sander no idea I don't know who he is I don't know who an noin is also banned ansing I haven't heard from Ansing again until he was banned And besides he was banned many years ago eh I mean they banned him during the time of the allies and all
that Kendo look at you guy they are people I don't know who he is I don't know
who glowen is I
imagine that if he invites him like that forward
too Maximus
[Music]
Laila too I don't know who he is I do
n't know who werly is auron will go Play
I think auron would play Play What happens is that of
course after the ban he
doesn't seem to feel like hanging out with
youtubers so of course there he would
coincide for example with a
few who  the best thing is that he doesn't want to
cross but well well he's playing
fortnite he doesn't have to talk to them it's
not like GTA l I imagine that
also antras I don't know what's up with him puni
either I don't know fern pl if he would play
pixelated I think that he would play r
also beram also neso also and
Antonio too yes I think that
almost all of them would play if he's referring to this
list removing a few that I don't know
who they are and some that are no longer on
the networks
Yes
yes let's go it's coming there's a
tournament coming guys there's a tournament
that he's talking all the [ __ ] time it doesn't
exist right now the
truth is you can discord don't take long to come
subscriber mode we
know each other I don't have him on discord man
Hey things are going a little better for
Agustn 51 I'm not watching there he has
4500 viewers man so you can see that
this is by seasons
man so you can see that this goes
completely by a period of time suddenly a
few months he has 5000 viewers
another has 1000
2000 you can call me at
discord
finish don't go to the bathroom don't
go
head pas look eh I wanted to tell
you something Well to vicens take advantage
too yes
and since it makes me a lot vicens What's up
beast What's up have you died already or are you still
playing I'm still playing Ah I have the
people here perfect I died again
Vicente don't come I'm a
burden if you want to talk to each other when you
finish eh Stop not so that I can tell you
tell us if you want What is something quick
or if not yeah let's see it's something quick it's just I
wanted to formally invite you to a tournament
that I possibly will do with the og map if
you of course that good of vi hasn't
sounded very
excited I don't swear I'm very
excited they left us out of the last
tournament
@epic games like but gref's or
mine wanted to do it with very bad people or
with noob people and it's normal ent it makes me
quite a lot for yours clo but here comes
something I want you to participate but in a
slightly special way So to speak
nerfed not a little nerfed but
not a  a pain in the ass for you guys You
know, I'd get drunk if necessary, yes, I'd
play drunk, that's a bigger nerf than that,
no, no, but my plan is to
gather the people who were in the
original tournament that I did in 2000, nerfed, chat
What does nerfed mean?
What does
nerfed mean? Javi, look at
Katy's sister thing, ngel, send it to me, please send it to
me, Ivn, or
at a
disadvantage.
Oh, and that's
in a scheduled way or something like that,
or they put some conditions on it, 2018, plus the
people who were in the previous one, and do
a mix of OGS with New
School, and they're trying to find
Salvador Raya, but it's going to be impossible, I
think, maybe he's living
in Silicon right now, yeah, but yeah, if
you're interested, and so on, I'll tell you, okay,
how to participate, yeah, say if you like it or not. I
really have to invite Felipe
too so he can snipe you. How cool? Yeah,
man, [ __ ], [ __ ]. I don't fall in love with him, dude. I
think there'll be some surprises,
eh. Because  I've already confirmed to you some
real OGs that they're going to participate And
maybe even some legends that have
n't played Fortnite in a while, well, we'll see, we'll see, we'll
see but it's going to be
really cool it's going to be really
cool if Vegeta participates I haven't
told him anything yet but if people like
Vegeta or I don't know participate in the
Tournament then they should do it from wherever
they want like from
gam Vegeta doesn't usually sign up for
things he doesn't usually want to participate vegetal
things Okay, well, well while they
look for me and send me the thing about
Katy Angel's sister let's see this
eh
let's see this I don't know how Gerard
Romero falls I honestly
eh I don't like to play people
simply by an
impression I don't like to play I don't
like to judge people simply
by a first impression okay but I've
seen things that I haven't I've
seen things that I haven't
liked on some occasions okay what he
did to s the way I mean I don't know I see it I don't
know I've seen things that I don't like what he
did to c in the
eh And many other details that have
squeak a little bit
they've squeaked a little bit no Well it
turns out that
Messi has pulled
Gerard Romero's ear hard Gerard Romero is
a
journalist according to what luare tells me here who
lives off the fans of Barcelona Football
Club what they told me was that he
pulled a
big one because he had many sources within
Barcelona Football Club And then he
got a lot of
exclusivity out of this tweet the other
day Joan la
Porta and Leo Messi spoke at the end of
the Ballon d'Or gala the president
thanked Leo for his words during the
speech and they met to find the
best possible date for the tribute and
Messi the [ __ ]
Messi has shared this tweet and has lied
once again
and and the one with the nose is a
liar how
embarrassing how embarrassing how
embarrassing Look, they
've even put it in the in
these Twitter corrections This is
very good what they have put in the
Twitter corrections eh Lionel Messi
has denied the information calling
Gerard Romero a liar through
an Instagram story Lionel Messi to
Ah  well it's in English damn what do you
say Lionel or Lionel I don't know You'll know
say no a thousand apologies to everyone and a
thousand more they've deceived me again with something
related to Leo I don't learn I'm sorry
very screwed I assume everything
you tell me today and I promise that we will work so that he does
n't come back Well look at
least at least
no dude it's a person with 490
million Followers
[Laughs]
dude my God How can you have so many
followers I
mean how many people I mean Who is the one who
has the most followers on the
entire planet I mean what is the
Instagram account with the most followers
ever I mean what is the account on
Instagram that has the most followers of
everything I mean
who is the mother of all
Lionel
Lionel Javi that's the one who won the Lan
very good Romn you were really fast
there very good very good [ __ ] very good
total total what they are The plugs and
the buddies Gerard Romero award is
[ __ ] But this deserves a tweet
[ __ ] this deserves a tweet
[ __ ] How good how good how good how
good how good  how good how good how good how good how good how good how good How good What a
good tweet What a good tweet
What a good
tweet What a good tweet
dude Let's see I don't know if this is going to have
much
resolution Yeah, it's
good Yeah, it's good What a
good t dude yes dude yes
dude eslan award
for
news coverage no How was the award for best
news coverage it was
No best
news coverage eslam award for best
news coverage let's
see yes I'll tell you one thing eh yes it
's true I'm going to put it because we stir up
the hornet's nest okay Yes it's true
yes it's true that at least he
apologizes he apologizes of course he
apologizes I've seen journalists and
daddies who give news that isn't they're
made up and and and and they blame you eh I
mean they turn it around they blame
you you're the one who misunderstood it
He didn't say it you understand and want
that Well look at least he recognized
his mistake you understand but Wow this is really good really
good Let's see let's
see what
gref said he defended him of course man
if he gave him an award  gref defends him
eh of course
man nothing for the world to end
I thank everyone eh in these last
hours all the love I've received let's
see also I tell you one thing I don't know if
you're interested in Messi denying you in
an Instagram story I also
tell you eh I mean I think it's good for you even
for good and for bad to be
calm because I eh I don't look at even 1%
of what may fall all over the
place but let it be very clear just in case there is any
doubt that there has been an important blow here
from the best player of all
time who could have lied 3500 pieces of
information But he's going to deny the one from
giants because he considers us very
important we correct ourselves we make mistakes we
apologize and life goes on and that's it
because it's that I don't know what
tsunami there must be out there because I'm
really not reading for him for my
mental health and people with a lot of spirit we are
very sorry I say no no we don't feel
anything I was wrong he hit me a
blow the best of all time
perfect and onward and forward therefore That's
it, that's it, that's it, I'm going
one hits himself  Get up if there's
anyone who thinks that this is going to
end if there's anyone who thinks that
this eh is going to be able to change something they're
wrong There will be people that we've
disappointed well thank you we're sorry in
life many people disappoint us over
time some we forgive them and with
other time we say look I do
n't want to see that person anymore we will accept you but
life goes on so go ahead because the
afternoon is beautiful and very busy if they had to
deny all the information
that they've told you in the last few years and they don't
come out to deny other even bigger information
that they had given you and they come out with
giant lies [ __ ] come on man I mean
this really seems to me
eh I don't know how to say it but at the
very least it's childish I mean they've just
denied some
information you're acting like I don't
recognize it we were wrong I don't know
what I don't know how much and now you jump in with Well and
why Why don't you deny others
Because you don't have a
thing about me teacher let's see man eh you've
screwed up That's it Maybe on other
occasions
eh Maybe  on other occasions it doesn't occur to
him Why, for h for B I don't
know for x reason Well on other
occasions well no, he hasn't seen it, it doesn't
suit him I don't know whatever it is but he
has put a sack on you very important case very important very
important So
calm down let's think about this we are
important people juans turn the tortilla see
the good things perfectly Yesterday I spent
two very bad hours but I'm
perfectly fine These are moments that But
these are moments that have to
pass That's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it,
nothing's happening nothing's happening nothing's happening and it's
normal it's normal that everyone is normal
that everyone goes around saying their own thing
saying their own thing and that's it maybe
such a toxic chat di renton well ladies and
gentlemen This is what happens people who
are disconnected and don't know what
happened you live better without knowing what
happened and that's it and that's it ladies and
gentlemen it's it so ball up
enjoy it think that a
free worldwide campaign has come out eh talking about
giants is very bad they talk about giants
but it has been talked about and as they always say it's
better if they talk about you well or badly
but that  talk shame the action Messi
thinks that yes you that yes
I was seeing it eh because in the end you see you have made a
mistake in a news H
Apparently it is the second time that he is wrong
the same yes it is true that let's see on the
one hand he gains fame and is labeled
like let's see there are many journalists that
when they do something wrong many times they
label it as be careful with
this one that what he tells is not worth it be
careful with this one that this one only sells
This you
understand me So yes it is a lot of promotion yes it is a lot of
promotion but yes it is true
that it is a lot of promotion I don't know the truth I don't know It
depends on how the wind blows it can
go well or badly it can turn out that
suddenly giants like he
says no that his team grows a lot that
his Twitch channel grows a lot Because it
gives him fame and many people follow him or
whatever let's see let's see the let's see the
let's see the social
Blade let's see let's see the social
Blade on Twitter come on
Gerard
Romero okay
Ugh how stopped Twitter is No well he has
lost he has lost he has lost he has
lost Hey but that's regulinchi no I
believed that this guy was like  very hyper
mega big or rather this
guy this man has like or rather has hit
The Boom getting into this King
Leich thing and suddenly Uf hosa well this
man I thought he was known little
by little or rather
the treatment they gave him in the slan comes to mind and
this man has grown because of what he has
grown at that time and outside Look boom
200,000 followers one month another month
50,000 another one too and then Look how he
goes days gaining 100 followers a
day it's not so you're on cloud nine Let's
see let's see
Twitch is a blow eh it's a blow
because yes your name is sounding
everywhere but it's being labeled
as a bad news outlet that you
are much of the president Porta says
and eh let Messi think what he wants that's it
but if there is no more the
story I explained it aer if there is someone
who doesn't eh eh renton if you feel like
trouble we're going to get you for a few hours
okay That's it, that's it if you feel like
trouble you  We'll get out what hurts me
what hurts me It's being wrong is telling
something that they later said wasn't
eh like at first they told me that's the
first thing that's the first and second
what hurts me Is that eh Instead of
sending a message to someone in his
entourage like sometimes last
summer they didn't do it in a good way
others with very bad manners and others with
threats that there were last summer
when they had to tell things Well
this time maybe they'll send you a message no way
Gerard you were wrong they
wanted to do it publicly get rid of
a guy who follows the news of
Bara day by day and who could make a
mistake you let the news go you didn't go
looking for anyone in your entourage you let
the news go because you saw yourself with the
exclusive in your hands and you took
the plunge whoever takes the plunge
risks making a mistake now he doesn't want
someone close to him and on top of that let fall
here threats badly I don't know what eh I mean no no no it doesn't
seem to me it doesn't seem to me a
very very good answer he's
whining playing a lot well because he
's linked to the Porta because he's
linked  to Piqu because he is linked
to my cousin the lame Well if all these are
ingredients that add up for him to
publicly hit me with that stick, then
nothing happens we respect him and
absolutely nothing happens absolutely nothing so
ball up ball enjoy it
life goes on each one with their own thing and
ladies and
gentlemen oh oh crying let's see what
gref defends here from
this and what gref defends okay okay okay let's
see where I can find it
guys the trailer But it
was fortnite as such By the way I
sent a message of encouragement yesterday to
Romero about Leo Messi because man
when these things happen people
take advantage to destroy someone and for me
Gera Romero even if he was wrong it
makes me feel sorry for him man I mean he's a guy who has always
been attracted to Messi who is dedicated to
Bara and for Messi to put that story
inside that Leo could be right well
obviously it destroys him in some
way then everyone goes to
hell and it makes me feel sorry for him man I feel
sorry for him and I have written to him
personally and I have sent him a lot of
encouragement and a lot of strength  because it's
impressive to see how the internet eh eh
When someone makes a mistake or someone
does bad to them they even apologize man they
dedicate themselves to stoning and saying a thousand things
and damn it seems to me a little it seems to me a
little like that And also being Gerard Romero
who really doesn't have any bad
intentions because he is a giant medium
who is dedicated to Bara who has
dedicated himself to Messi for a long time and continues to do so
And even if they make mistakes Well they
always do it with love So I
simply wanted to say that live
like you when you wanted to destroy my
channel with strike gref because I made a
video that you went to the evening and
three days later You went to the evening you
hugged and kissed there everything not
when we were in the middle of a pandemic and there were
some rules and you were there without a
mask and all that stuff and three
days later you did a live show with an
accountant and you tested positive for covid no eh
And you put me on strike with that that I
beat you okay or whatever but
eh of course the measuring sticks and the
hypocrisies are eh Let's see it has  you are
wrong, point you lower your head you ask for
forgiveness I mean I would have stayed with
this tweet to me this tweet seems
[ __ ] great I was telling you no Hey
look at the one recognized outside what else
can it be let's see he's not going to do it he's not going to
cut his wrists obviously
okay he recognizes it apologizes and gets out and
you
'll see how next time he'll think about it okay but man what about the Stream I saw him a cry eh Let's see what he said that that he that I can face this sincerely I don't know I don't know how you see it is learning from the mistake and Well in the future try to
take it as the best as possible says jav
Romero had the Boom because the streamers
took it as a joke for the
viral clip of the haka Yeah yeah yeah they are the
typical things that happen many times that
make someone viral and
you notice Well and this guy because you
made him viral you know Yeah yeah that happens a lot
eh they take someone as a joke they take I don't
know what as a
joke What can I tell you we have already commented on it
on many occasions right, that issue of
when they get something like that
eh  we have commented we have commented on it
on many occasions because you have already made the mistake
he is the first one who
knows the [ __ ] up he has done and I have
no doubt about it based on the tweets he has posted
And from here on learn from it and in
the future Well almost take it with
humor even because the thing is that
you have no other option I mean in the end people have
given him a lot a lot of stick I
think it is now clear to him the
[ __ ] up he has done he knows it
perfectly well he has apologized 100
times and from there on improve people
we can't do anything else not when you have already
made a mistake unfortunately you cannot
go back in time just
what I just said eh I mean just what
I just said now don't go
to a Stream and say no no it's that well they
did it in public because I am friends
with Piqu and they wanted to screw me but they
could have told me privately they
could have told me Hey you made a
mistake privately and that and that
on another occasion they threatened me I don't know
what all you can do is ask for forgiveness and
learn  of the error which is the most
important thing not having enough
humility and honesty To go out
publicly and say I screwed up which is not
easy And from there eh learn
learn from the error and try Well that
obviously it doesn't happen to you again and and to
be and to be better context people
damn context you have not found out
but if this has been news Mr
worldwide no basically Gerard Romero
gave some information that Messi said eh
that it was not that it was false okay or so
Messi uploaded a story on Instagram
saying that it was false information he
told him you lied once again and well Romero came out to
put a tweet saying that he
understood all the sticks that
fell on him that day that he apologized that he
would try to learn learn and then he
did a live broadcast saying a little bit about
what had happened to him that they had
slipped in that he had given some information that
was not true that he was very sorry that he should have
checked it And
checked it once again and
absolutely nothing happens
em Well maybe I'm going to have to
put a story to someone
these days
Yes to the other nominee for coverage
informative to yut if that's what
happens to you if that's what happens
with cronyism and the comollo and you go to the juste of course
to the juste you have to
put a story now of
course to the other nominee Who were the
three nominees for informative coverage
ivai Who were the three nominees for
informative coverage Gerard who is the one who
takes the award J who is the
second and him and this guy this the
tamallo who set up the troll the other day that went
like crazy and
although it didn't work he made the video as if it had
worked And who do you see IV Who do you
see the guy sh and jabi oliveira and you
give the exclusives to jav oliveira if you
don't learn you soquetes that you are am
mamonos if you don't learn oh I
have to teach you eh Oh
my God Hey good shorts this eh luare good
shorts I just scored eh good guy eh good
guy eh good guy take it out
eh
Ah come on  let's see about Willy's contract
before we go make me put on a
show go on and a tik tag me there
on Twitter whoever does it fastest and I'll
upload it do it there okay pum pum pum
pum Well if it's the truth Look
I'm over there right now they're
playing Javi olir right now look if it
's the truth dude if it's the
truth dude I mean you're there with the
[ __ ] with the cronyism with no this one I
nominate him because he's my friend
Javi No because he said something that
I didn't like and now they don't do it Damn I [ __ ]
on 10 you piss me off yv you piss me off
yv come here and tell me about ccu
already damn Come here already and tell me about
cocu I'll take it out for you come on take it out for me
come on take it out for me and tag me on Twitter and I'll upload
it okay let's see about
Willy he's leaving YouTube Let's see
about Willy he's leaving
YouTube luare but wow what a stick luare you've
given me
got in here luare but what a stick you've given me IV Uy I yv Send me a message when you see this Send me a message and say you're right Javi send me a message so I can put the screenshot on Twitter and go send me a message so I can put the screenshot on Twitter and and say
you're right Javi more knowledge old for
wise more knowledge old no sorry more
knowledge old for old than for handsome
Although You're getting more handsome and younger every time
okay luare okay Lu Look you've
betrayed me luz dude you've left me
stranded you've left me stranded luar
dude have you seen about Big Brother they just
said that two contestants have had a fight
and they've
kicked them out What does it say What does it say let's
go to Twitter let's go to
Twitter that comes out in one go
after breaking the rules of
conduct required in Big Brother Alex and
Gustavo have been
disciplinarily expelled from the
contest in this Thursday's gala
the images that have
forced us to make this
decision will be shown luar this is a clip for
telesalseo okay the first one in the morning
the first one in the morning how is it
wants to go up now let's go eh with Oh they've
hit each other
eh But where does it say they hit each other we
pulled that out of our
asses let's see a lot of people supporting I don't
want or what these are They're
images I'm not going to do them a single
favor I don't want to know anything about them
but the worst thing about all
this for me is that Big Brother This year I
'm not following it I'm not following it
because it hasn't caught my attention the
truth is look I loved Big
Brother eh but it's that if Mercedes Mila
stopped being the same that's why the
consequence is this they go laughing
from there to the room laughing the
organization and laughing at everyone they
go laughing at our faces they laugh at
our faces from today on I don't
want to know anything about Aha this I understand
that it has been minutes before okay They have not
accused now of stealing the
bread they accuse each other of
keeping food the problems that there are
when hunger okay that they are
cheap scum because of pride [ __ ] what is it that they
go laughing From there to their
room and right now they are so
calm when it is  Susana
devastated Okay, so they've had a
move
Look, of course, I mean, this is what they do
when there's a move okay, that's crazy, they
focus on a pot Or they focus on whatever
okay, finally they remove censorship after the
expulsion of Alex and Gustavo Carmen to
Laura and Naomi this is Habile's fault
in the end whoever loses their
temper loses let's see,
no, because Of course I understand that there have
been hours of censorship there have been hours
of censorship Ah while they were being
expelled and it was happening La Movida is Spain it
is the voice of Spain Wait let's see
what happens you know and whoever has to win, let them
win the least important thing is whoever wins is
that you make a good contest let's
have the people Uy uy uy uy what a
nice move it's been
deil's fault come on I tell you
this has not been nice it was
avilez's fault no, because you know in the end
whoever loses their temper a little loses And what does he
do he keeps
attacking me
Wow This is the
panorama Hey but people are like
supporting one of the two this guy a lot Of
course I understand that there are no
images I understand that there are no  images
clear Hey but everyone is
supporting this guy
eh I understand that there are no
images have been found
somewhere in the house they must have started to
argue
the most false saint sibylline and the one who
has lit everything up for her evil and resentment
Jessica who acts good and is the worst
acting underground and making
the spark jump now happy seeing herself as the
winner But she continues with her role and her
fake voice they must have found
Eh well what a move they must have
found somewhere in the house and and
that has happened okay well this upload it now
the news okay upload it now s upload it now upload it now in one go
upload it now this
because the truth is that it is
powerful
Oh people coming to blows how many
people would come from YouTube I want to
react to how to see a move move
moves we saw it we saw it at auron
ytube apparently well he is not
interested in competing with
other streaming platforms and it is very
difficult there have only been very few
cases in which he has made
big contracts to streamer okay Willy  It has already been
canceled I mean, it's not that it has been
canceled but it has already ended and it has
n't been renewed because the youtuber
is not interested in making
streaming contracts okay apparently he is more
focused According to what auron said in making the
competition in tikt I mean the
concern he has right now is
tikt well eh everyone will know They are the ones who
are within the company and
they will know the world but the move
is that for
Willy well apparently what he's
going to do is stream
everywhere like many people are doing
like Javier canijo has been doing for five or
so years or so I mean what I've been
doing for five or so years is YouTube and
Twitch at the same time and the multistream Well
now everyone is doing it because now it
has allowed it by the way Twitch
after they were offering me the
Partner Giving me a hard time and all Hey the
Partner the Partner wants do you want do you
want to ask for the Partner I gave him that
request button the other day because
I met the requirements and they ignored
me they told me Look, not at the moment
eh Not at the moment and I told him at the
moment  I don't care, I mean honestly I don't
care, my people love me, my people
love me, we
're going to be fine on any
platform, okay, what is a
shame family, what is a
shame is that it took you too long. It's not
that I wasn't interested. No, neither. Let's see, I do
n't know if I'm interested, how much do I have 60,
70,000 on Twitch,
eh? Why, for them to give me the
verification, no, I don't know if they will charge a
little more maybe I earn very little from
Twitch, I mean, I don't know if I earn, I don't know if I
earn 500. I don't know, honestly, but
eh, could you, could you guys on
YouTube do something about that bar that
's dropping below 2000 and it's
sad, eh, I mean, dropping below 2000, the
gentlemen,
telesalseo, just broke their own
record, 3000 members, guys, 3000 members,
the ladies have trampled on your
faces, Mrs. Jan trampled on you, guys,
what can you give away? members, look what we
see here, 1900 people, with what each
one  I gave away five members we reached
3000 today and tomorrow I'll tell the
lordship well you know what the kids
look what they've
done okay I want to react to how
Willy Rex explained live that he's going
to only fans I want to react to how
Willy
Rex explained live that he's going to start streaming on Twitch Oh because Willy Rex aside from our disagreements utmost respect you already know and he's always seemed like a very intelligent guy and I want to see why he's not going to do live streams on YouTube anymore well
actually I know why he's not going to do
live streams on YouTube but this change that
Twitch made then I wasn't going to
start streaming all my live streams
on YouTube and on Twitch and on tiktok but the
most important ones I wanted to do
multiplatform for example the
new Fortnite map comes out or the chapter a
the first live stream of the season well we
do it on Twitch on YouTube at the same time
the sence matches that now I don't
upload to YouTube it's perfect that we watch them on
both platforms of course gref gref would
n't make sense for me to do multistream at
this time of  every day because
the content that uploads to YouTube are
the edited videos of their live streams
Of course if you start streaming it on
YouTube what's the point
but now the H broadcast it on YouTube
and it breaks the evening they broadcast it on YouTube and it
breaks stop the Twitch nonsense
man if Twitch doesn't have the
powerful servers to be like a TV me doing
all the multiplatform live streams that's not for me I'm
not going to do it but the
most important ones are two TR some
eslan I think it would be great eh
guys you imagine some eslan awards
streamed on Twitch on YouTube and on
tiktok wow we can reach a lot
more people than just streaming on Twitch and
on tikt why and for the money that the
event costs me Hey I think it's
also I think it's logical This is not
gossip at all eh those of you who come here
thinking what I'm going to say I continue with No it
's simply because it seems to me it
seems pretty crazy that Willy
comes to Twitch because he's been streaming on
YouTube forever
guys I think I have to I'm going to take a while
10 minutes is worth 10 minutes and that's it
ok No no there's not going to be any drama I
don't want any drama I don't want to put a counter on it's already enough I'm
delayed
counters you're looking for
Guillermo I came to react in a
peaceful way are you looking for a fight or
something 10 minutes why no no calm down
guys no revolution [ __ ] what do you
need a spark to make
the gas can explode [ __ ] I was
n't going to start the live just like that let's
see how I can explain
this because I'm going to have to explain
everything to you how has been happening these days
okay first of all I had buo I've had
a contract with YouTube for many years
to do live streams which for
M is one of the best platforms there is
spectacular none I also had a
contract with Twitch to do
live streams Willy and and we are similar in
some things on Twitch they don't make
contracts either Because of course it costs them
a lot of work to recover the money
invested in those contracts you hate keep in
mind
that in the end the majority of the
subscribers they have on Twitch who
are like members on YouTube on
YouTube Yes They are members because on
YouTube Prime So
we have fewer members  Okay, the
people who do live streams on YouTube
usually handle fewer members than you do on
Twitch. You see people with 5,000
subs, 10,000 subs. Sure, but on
YouTube, people pay for it now. What's
good is that they give away members
because people can give them away. Also,
apart from becoming a member,
but of course,
the majority of those subs are Prime,
which gives people a
subscription to a Twitch channel if
you have Amazon Prime. Okay, so
that money is provided by Amazon. Of course,
that money is provided by
Twitch, it is taken from the subscription, not
that people are paying for, on Amazon
Prime, it is taken away, that part is taken away
for the people who use it
for a sub. For example, I think I
have Amazon Prime and I have never given
any Prime or any sub or
anything. I have gone through that issue, I do not watch Twitch,
but of course, I mean, how do they recover the
money? I understand that it is more from
donations and the
ads, the percentage that they keep from
the ads. So if it is a
huge contract, it costs them and sometimes they will have to
pay, they win the promo and bring  people to
Twitch but they have to pay and now they
are realizing that no, I think
Twitch is not going to be forever. I think
people, the one that is forever. I
think it's
YouTube, it's like if you put me the other day
lne gave me the perfect example when I
asked, no, uh, WhatsApp with
Telegram, for me the one that is going to be
forever, YouTube is the platform, the
YouTube platform. The one that comes with the
TVs, the mobile phones on the tablet, the
Google one, the one that is the one that
is everywhere,
YouTube's contract has ended, my
Twitch contract has ended, what have we done
about this? Well, start studying. Because
obviously what we do today,
creating content doesn't give us enough to live on,
a problem, everything is cool, perfect, but
of course, whenever a
contract approaches, I don't know if I have it, cuckoo.
Yes, Nicols, I decided to do a live show on
tit and I went to try it. But the truth is
that it worked like [ __ ], it worked
like [ __ ], I didn't like it and out,
eh, I don't know the truth is, about tiktok, to see,
sharing the screen was [ __ ]
[ __ ], another thing is that I put my
mobile here  and while I'm live
then do the live here and
the people are there you know I don't know we could
also do it one day if
you want years or I don't even know how many
really because Well a lot of years
Yeah Eh I'm not going to read the chat I'm not going to
read the chat because I think it's going to be
better
eh No I'm not going to read the chat because it's that it's that you
guys really get on my nerves I mean I'm not going to
read the chat shut up and listen okay
important eh let's say
Javi says You see what DJ
Mario is leaving Twitch of course DJ Mario
also had a contract so I understand
that DJ Mario will
do the same thing he'll go to Twitch well
no it's not that he's going to Twitch but they'll
do multistream that's what they'll do
So how the noise
of the YouTube members is bothering me I don't
[ __ ] myself okay And I should have
rehearsed this but really it's okay
let's do something guys let's see Ah it's
all been like a thing not every time there's
a renegotiation of  the
contracts because in the end you are on the edge
of unilo no that you don't know if let's say that
Oy I like the platform but they pay you so
much they insure you so much this one no longer
wants you it's like that So let's say it's
a by Ben and in the end what happened
was that there has been a lot and a lot of stress
in the last few weeks and I
asked you for one more week I didn't tell you Hey
give me a week or five days and
really what I did was ask for a
little more time because I didn't know what I was going to
do in fact not two or
three days ago either that's why I told you that on
Monday I would tell you something and as the days went by let's
see if it was a little more established not what it
had been Eh my future depends on
me to do no that I think this is also
an important part that Ah I will tell you
and the most important thing is that I have been
doing live streams for many years and in
the last few years uh let's say there hasn't
been always I have said no no
game in the last few years that has passed
also like it happened with Fortnite or I
know with Minecraft at some point and
so on in some way  punctual but
like I felt that well I didn't
mind doing a live stream and I had a
good time doing it V that I did a live stream but like I
've done few live streams of three
hours four You know why well it's I can't
believe it I can't believe
that he's retiring guys I can't
believe that he's retiring or rather right now It
seems that he's going to announce his retirement there
wasn't any game lately that I
liked I was fed up so I'm
going to the beach eh Wow no eh
shocking two hours I got tired And he said Well that's it
no and in the end well I
did you wait Well then let him keep
waiting I [ __ ] on the [ __ ] he's been
playing Fortnite for 8 hours a day can't
wait for the next game let's
see guys it's that I'm reacting to
something very important I keep going I continue continuing
easily wow but it seems that I did
n't have a good time for a long
time no I started it true that on
YouTube practically a live stream without
desire and videos either I am
lucky that even if I am a little
lazy but the first time I get on I have a
great time I say pass Willy please
next time  you have to announce
something silence the members because they're making
me want to blow my
head off punch a week ago I said friend I'm
going to retire and it's honestly what
most How how how how I
told my friends I'm going to retire and I
say can I keep uploading videos I have a
good time recording with Faran and recording
the videos that I record I think it's a
moment when it's Cool keep uploading
videos I think I couldn't leave it big
but it's like very no no burned out but it's
like I was pissing myself that something was missing not with
the live shows maybe suddenly gta6 comes out
tomorrow and I'm crazy a game doesn't come out
and I love it no I don't think it's G
tien venta that
GTA 6 is going to be announced tomorrow the truth But let's say
any game no Hey, about GTA 6 it
was already a joke
eh when at least we won't Let's hope so no I mean I do
n't know how many times has it been rumored
that Pum suddenly the trailer is going to come out
what I think is going to happen
with GTA 6 is that at any moment
within the next few
months it's going to  there will be a day when there is a
teaser
[Music]
and the teaser will announce the game
but for
time for time like Maybe a
year of margin and now let's say that this
was a bit of my plan I say Well if there
is no future that catches my
attention I have nothing on the table I
can't take it anymore guys I can't take it anymore I'm fed
up with the sounds I mean
Willy had a contract to stream on
YouTube his contract has ended and
YouTube is not making the money Well now
we're going to stream on all the
platforms That's it if there isn't more
if it's something similar to what
happened to me with Twitch Twitch
paid me to stream exclusively on
Twitch now eh stream eh without a contract
therefore What do I do well I continue streaming
here because it's the platform that I
like but from time to time I will
do some live shows on other
platforms Willy don't get mad and it's
expensive So Willy I think what he has
decided is now to stream on
all the platforms at the same time on
YouTube on Twitch on tiktok on instagram
on  tuki tuki in tuki tuki tuki you
Perfect, seems good to me It's something that
all the platforms are doing,
before Twitch and YouTube, which are the
main live platforms, there was
more fighting over contracts and
for the biggest creators, now
Twitch and YouTube have sort of
agreed not to pay anyone
else with a contract, so for example TT
Well, I imagine that what happened here is
that one first took the
step of saying, I'm not interested in
contracts, I don't give a damn about
exclusivity, if the others, if the other
platform wants to pay the contracts, let
us pay them, no
[Music]
and and and the other, well, since the other one took
the step, I mean, since the other one took the, I mean, I do
n't know which of the two came
first, I think that I think it was a
thing of, I think it was a
Twitch thing, I think it was a
Twitch thing, that Twitch said, we can't pay
this, it's not profitable for us And then
YouTube said, well, look, since this
platform, which was the most competitive we
had, is no longer paying the
contracts, what the hell are we going to do?  to have a
contract outside you know and right now
the only one offering that
is Kick But because it's just starting you
know what I mean I'm not going to offer a contract
to anyone else Maybe to ibai and little
else and they have said look if you want to
stream on Twitch and at the same time on
YouTube you can or on Kick I don't care but
I'm not going to make a contract with you and YouTube
to these creators Like for example Willy
dig Mario Vegeta well surely as
Willy is explaining it they are not going to
offer them a contract again So what
this causes the creators to
go and do what they really
want because now trust you man Dj
Mario Dj Mario has
20,000 30,000 a ton of viewers in all his live shows
and maybe he is
live for 5 hours or sometimes even
more that is a lot of cloth that is a lot of fire I mean
I think with DJ Mario
the contract is profitable I think I have no
[ __ ] idea I have no [ __ ] idea now Dj
Mario having 30,000 viewers on
YouTube if he starts streaming on
Twitch it will go down it will  download you are no longer
under contract you do not get paid x amount of
money because you do live shows
exclusively on a certain platform Willy what he
does is stream on all
platforms for example what I will do
is what I told you a while ago is
stream on Twitch because
Twitch really is the best platform to
stream that is a fact it is a
reality and you will see how surely it would not
surprise me if Mario or Vegeta
came to Twitch and Twitch the only
difference is better improvement
than YouTube is that here in the obs Look
talking in the chat both those from YouTube
and those from Twitch talking in the chat
both those from YouTube and those from Twitch the
thing about Twitch is that it is
more adapted for obs okay on YouTube I do
n't know why they have it so ugly they
all come out the same color its bland and on
Twitch well they appear in colorful and
on the screen here in obs when
those from Twitch put emotes on the
screen they all appear and on YouTube
only the default ones appear
look you see it look in Twitch they put emotes
and the ones from
YouTube not the ones from YouTube if they put
custom emotes they don't appear on the
screen weird codes appear and
stuff like that look you see it So that's the only thing
I don't have a [ __ ] clue
why YouTube doesn't adapt those two or three
nonsense and that's it because that's the only thing it
says TT is the best platform not twit you
don't know it at all more than the kids
t I mean surely these people if they
streamed the same thing on YouTube they would have a
lot more and in the end the long way more money
is that this was like a fad that
suddenly started to invent that on
Twitch they earned more than on YouTube No no it's not that
we're going to Twitch because we earn
more than YouTube because on Twitter they pay
this for the ads I don't know what of course maybe they
pay you more for x repercussion
but maybe on YouTube even if they
pay you less for the same views or for
the same viewers even if they pay you
less you're going to have many more
viewers so more money in the
end I mean I think they would have earned
a lot more money Well of course state
with contracts and things no Of course but it
's like the mantra was established of no no
in twit you earn  more on Twitch you earn
more of course on twit you earn more but it is
a
platform it is a platform that is not
for everyone, I mean for
example I don't go on Twitch at all,
I don't go on Twitch for anything, the only thing I go on
is for things for my work, for
these people to hang out in bf or to do
something that I have to comment on but
I don't go on Twitch absolutely for
anything, I mean, maybe if I'm here
eating or whatever and I want to watch something
I put on YouTube and the ones that are
recommended to me, well then I go looking
on Twitch, no twi is a platform that is
on mobile phones and you have to
install it separately, it doesn't come to the TV,
I don't know if I even have it installed
on the TV, I mean it's not the same, it's not the
same and Willy is already here on Twitch
Okay, now about streaming on all
platforms, it's everyone's decision,
for example, I am in favor of all my
live streams on all platforms, no,
why, why not, because I want
my daily live platform to be
Twitch, but the most important live streams,
some prizes  eslan hostia Well I think it's
cool to stream on a bunch of
platforms to reach more people and it's
going to work on Twitch because Twitch
is not the best platform it's going to work on
Twitch and most people are going to
watch it on YouTube and as soon as they do these
hlan awards and realize that where they had I
don't know how much they had the hlan
last year I don't know if it was
3,800 I don't remember 3,800 or I missed it
or 2,800 or I don't remember how much it was
but whatever they had on Twitch is going to
have double on YouTube at least
double as soon as they see it they're going to say
Sorry excuse me See you later Twitch stops
for the big events Because also
in addition to the fact that it's going to have double the
viewers The one on twit is going to work
when they reach x viewers it's
going to open and people will stop YouTube to watch it curious well it's on Willy's part that right now on 17 platforms at the same time the only platform that I consider streaming simultaneously with Twitch every day is only fans but it's that  only fans I monetized very well and
probably mixer okay probably
mixer But we will discuss this
Soon Twitch I have seen it Yes yes I have
seen it and But well the thing is that it
may have surprised you a lot
but the thing is that I already knew it I mean I
met in March I met with YouTube with
all the platforms and they told me that the
contract issue is going to end and I said Ah
okay okay with which well that the
contract issue is over with which
now people
Eh Well well they will be free So to speak
to stream wherever they want of course
and that's it and that's it with which well
no no to me maybe you are
surprised no [ __ ] like but but of course
the thing is that I already knew that the contract issue was going to end was going to end just like the other day the Twitch guy announced that they were also ending on Twitch the truth is they are
ending with which each one eh will be able to
Stream wherever they want or wherever they
feel comfortable where it suits them best or in
all places at the same time as they
want Of course yes well well I
think that a time of changes is coming not
where people who are in  an
equal platform from now on you see them or in
all or in another for me
Twitch is going to end I mean if it has if they are streaming
and in all the platforms what sense does it make that you
go to see it on
Twitch okay luare
very handsome it doesn't make sense
why do you go there to see it on Twitch if you
have it on YouTube because the majority of the I mean the
other
platforms are going to end they are going to end with let's
see the other platforms the only thing is that you
go there because there is
the streamer that you like if
now it is going to be multistream little by
little everyone leaves and for
YouTube you know I think that times
of change are coming But well In the end
what changes I mean if you like
a
streamer what does it matter to you to see it in one place
or another no also I tell you I mean
No it's not the divine papaya I don't
want to say Of course well well
Willy will see him well his usual people are already there
and they will follow him wherever he goes
It's that this is not very
complicated either he won't have his usual people
And those people will follow him well
wherever he goes less if he goes  a
shitty platform that is so c to watch and
gives you 20 viruses on your phone which is not going to
be the case but if it goes to Twitch or one
day to tiktok Well it will have the faithful ones the
usual ones Of course For example tikt if I
see it watching yesterday's debate I
remember the weirdos who asked for
the debate with the doctor to have
pauses and we would be crazier lost face
rolling with laughter face
rolling with laughter that kind of
nonsense It only already shows that you are not going to the
debate very confident okay eh without further ado
eh the debate yesterday in the
end is simply what we
talked about at the beginning okay that there is
a kid who is defending let's
see there are two points okay the first point
is getting into the subject of the
trials
the trial of the right to honor because he
insulted I don't know who it is that does not
have greater significance it is that that is
simply a thing for insults that is
simply by word of mouth I mean someone will
see you that it is not to justify it that it is
wrong that we should not insult  I have
filed three lawsuits against people who
have insulted me, okay. But because I
'm already in a plan that I'm not going to suffer
absolutely nothing, okay. But in the end, if
you know and you say, [ __ ], but
this one told the other one, I don't know what this one did to him, I do
n't know how much, and the insults
come from there, then you understand the
context, and you say, well, because the
insulted person has to pay, well, okay, you
understand. I mean, it's not that it's funny to me
because it depends on who is
convicted for insults, it
seems more serious or more serious. And here on
YouTube, there are a lot of lawsuits filed
for the issue of the right to honor, eh, I mean,
that on TV is something that happens
every day, okay. Here on YouTube, there have already
been a few, okay. Here on YouTube, there have already
been a few, a few, it's not
the first time that this is talked about one
day and then it happens, but it's that many come,
many come, there are. What
happens is that people don't say that they have been
sued. And such. But there are a lot of lawsuits
filed for the right to honor against a lot of
people, okay. I know  a few things
happen that are private, I don't
tell them, they tell me things privately,
but when they come out, when
the trials come out, well, yes, they will tell it, they will have to
tell it now, well, let's see
if when the rest of the sentences come out,
they do the same analyses and the same
routes and the same disclosures
of the Sentence that they do, for example, with
Dallas or with me and the studies and
word for word, you understand, we'll
see
[Music]
that this is a main point of the
kid and the other point and the other
main point is that at this point it already
weakens a lot to fight with Dallas and and on
top of that, without being high, okay, without being
absolutely high at all and then
the other point is that he is defending
to the death a relationship, that is,
problems of a relationship in which he is
not a participant, he is not part of that
relationship, so there you are Javi Oliveira
in 2018 Of course, of course, he will be able to
broadcast in several places at the same time,
correct Yes, that can also be done If you do
n't have a contract with anyone You can
Ninja the case, the closest case we have
is Ninja Ninja is a guy who
broadcasts all the way to Dallas, I'm not going  to say
no Dallas has not sued that kid
those have fought have said both
of them but there are lawsuits there are a
few there I know of at least
three or four lawsuits that have been
filed from people from one youtuber to
another and I don't know what I don't know how much but it
happens that they don't make them public
most of them you know what I mean Ah no no no four
no there are a
lot there are there are
at least 10
pending lawsuits that I know of
at least 10 10 11 from one youtuber
suing another I don't know what I don't know
how much at least 10 and no and they don't
say it the protagonists don't say it I
know why there are some where the lawyers
are the same as mine So I
know you know but they don't say it they don't say it
but then the sentences of the others they do
comment on them a lot But well,
since it's not my problem I don't
care Javi Look at Auron's chat they
mention you well I don't see [ __ ] what the
[ __ ] are you watching there if I
don't see
[ __ ] if I don't see [ __ ] what is it  what are
you talking about what are you
seeing
there if it can't be
seen I know even on fotolog
Open Stream on all platforms at the
same time eh me personally It's not
that I don't like it very much what a madness no
because I like it at least
eh I like to focus on in one chat
the truth is no I don't want to have five chats I ca
n't read them It's that I prefer to
read one that can with 10 Hey go
ahead it's that I'm going to go totally or I'll
read you a donation from here come on
man you're going totally crazy no no
I couldn't but if that is unified everything that is
unified here all in
one well then yes yes no Yes we
are going to
pamper ourselves yes we are going to
pamper ourselves the truth is that
the last two days the
live shows have been quite good okay Marco a kiss handsome a round of
applause to the whole chat for
Marcos
[Music]
is very good eh Nothing about Kat tomorrow we will
see what Kat's sister said
and go up to see I'm going to go to Kat's Channel
to see if she has uploaded  something but come on I'm
not going to watch it now
eh man it's that I always hit look It's
almost 3 hours live I always hit
more in the kids man then when you
complain but I always hit more in the
kids when the
gentlemen take out 1000
members the gentleman takes out 1000 my man
and then you have the
gall tomorrow we come back crazier than
ever Yeah then you have the gall
to say it's that you go more with the kid
with the gentlemen he has abandoned and it's
like but sons of [ __ ] but if
we had an epic live yesterday I mean
yesterday's live is hard to
top
eh yesterday's live doesn't make sense
eh the invisible cloak thing is true I have to
see the Soul video Well tomorrow without
fail eh luare tomorrow without fail the
Soul video also I'm going to prepare some things
with
Soul guys see you get some rest a
[Music] big
kiss